
This is a collection of Lua 5.1 .. 5.4 modules I've written.  Yes, they
include functionality found in other Lua modules like luasockets and
luaposix.  I wrote these not to reinvent the wheel (although I did) but to
learn how to program in Lua.  As such, I do find these modules useful and
actually prefer them to such modules as luasockets and luaposix.

Now, because of the functionality overlap of some of these modules with
existing Lua modules, I decided to place them under a name that I know won't
conflict with existing modules.  I took a play out of the Java playbook and
placed all these modules under the "org.conman" table.  

                                  * * * * *

                             MODULES AS LUAROCKS

org.conman.const.gopher-types
	A table mapping Gopher resource types (RFC-1436) to human
	readable types and back again.

org.conman.env
	A table containing all environtment variables.

org.conman.errno
	A table containing defined error codes from C and POSIX.

org.conman.iconv
	A wrapper for the GNU iconv library.

org.conman.syslog
	A wrapper for the syslog logging system.

org.conman.tls
	A wrapp for the libressl library libtls.

                                  * * * * *

                                MODULES IN C

org.conman.base64
	Conversion routines to and from various formulations of Base-64

org.conman.clock
	A POSIX timers interface.

org.conman.crc
	A function to calculate the standard CRC-32.

org.conman.fsys
	A module of POSIX functions releated to filesystems.

org.conman.hash
	A module of standard hash functions as provided by libcrypto.

org.conman.lfsr
	A function to generate 8, 16 or 32 bit linear feedback shift
	registers.

org.conman.magic
	A wrapper around the GNU magic (file types) database.

org.conman.net
	A module to wrap BSD/POSIX sockets programming.  This supports
	IPv4, IPv6 and Unix sockets.

org.conman.pollset
	A wrapper around the POSIX select() call, POSIX poll() call, and
	Linux specific epoll() with the same API.

org.conman.process
	A module of POSIX functions related to processes.

org.conman.signal
	A wrapper around the ANSI signal() function, or the POSIX signal
	functions.

org.conman.strcore
	Some functions working with strings written in C.

org.conman.sys
	A table of various POSIX system dependent values.

                                  * * * * *
                               MODULES IN LUA

Modules written in Lua:

org.conman.const.entity
	A table of HTML entities with their UTF-8 equivilents.

org.conman.const.exit
	A table of standardize exit values.

org.conman.const.http-response
	A table of HTTP response codes.

org.conman.date
	A module of some date related functions.

org.conman.debug
	A module of some debug related functions.

org.conman.getopt
	A module to handle parsing the command line.

org.conman.mailcap
	A wrapper around the mailcap facility found on Unix systems.

org.conman.string
	Some useful string functions (includes org.conman.strcore).

org.conman.table
	Some useful table functions.

org.conman.net.ios
	Implements an API similar to the Lua's file object API, but with
	callbacks to obtain the data.

org.conman.net.tcp
	A module to turn a TCP connection into something that mimics the
	Lua's file:read()/file:write()/etc. API.

org.conman.nfl
	An event driven framework to manage network based connections via
	coroutines.  

org.conman.nfl.tcp
	A module, with a similar API to org.conman.net.tcp, to manage
	TCP connections via coroutines in an event driven environment.

org.conman.nfl.tls
	A module, with a similar API to org.conman.net.tcp, to manage
	TLS-based connections via coroutines in an event driven environment.

                                  * * * * *

Any modules found in this repository not listed above are either obsolete or
experimental and sould probably not be used.
